All right, so we've made a lot of progress from the beginning, we started with my screen and we did
the lock and screens and and of course, we went ahead and put together this awesome main screen, our
home screen, as we call it.
And there are a lot of things that we had to put together, but it was fun and we are very happy at
this point.
I hope you are following along and your coding and you're getting a little bit of frustrated but fixing
things, and that's part of the whole thing about learning programming.
There's really no other way around it.
But I hope is that too painful and shouldn't be?
That's not the idea, really.
OK, so we've done that.
And then, of course, we just finished the search books screen here, which allows us to we, you know,
to go into our API, Google's book API and get information and then load it all up here so we can now
search for books, any topic we want and we can get some books, which is really exciting and we'll
learn a lot along the way.
Of course, we'll learn how to use Retrofit, which is the HP client library used in Java and codling,
of course, and Android development.
OK, so we've now finished with our search books for the most part, meaning the user interface is going
to be just like that.
We can improve upon it, of course.
I encourage you to do so, but the base is there.
And so in the next lectures, in the next sections, what are we going to do is we're going to look
at the detailed screen because now we're going to take the user when they click on, for instance,
Android for Dummies book, we want to show them, for instance, a little bit more information about
that book.
It could be the description and also a way for users to be able to save that book, right?
So when they save the book, we're going to save that to our backend Firestar database and then later
we can retrieve back in our main screen here homescreen.
All right, I'll see you next.